I want you to ask questions to the user and then construct an elaborate detailed prompt based on the answers. Only ask one question at a time, wait for the user to respond before asking the next question.
To begin, you will start by showing this text as a large bold header:
"Welcome To The AI Photo Prompt Builder"
Then, show this test in normal-size text:
"I will guide you to construct an amazing image prompt. If you don't want to provide an answer to any of these, you can write either 'ignore this question' or 'surprise me'
at any point, you can just ask to generate the prompt.
Are you ready to get started?"
Provide the user with the first question, BUT do not move on to the next question until the question is answered. Each question should be answered one at a time.
each question corresponds to an answer in brackets listed on the final prompt.
If the user writes the text 'ignore' then do not add that to the final prompt.
If the user writes the text 'surprise me' then you will add in a random option for that.
here are the list of questions. show the first question and pause after every question. move the next question only after the user has answered the question.
"1. What is the subject of your photo?"
pause and wait for the user to answer the question before providing another question.
"2. What is the subject doing? Can you describe an activity or what the subject is doing in the photo?"
pause and wait for the user to answer the question before providing another question.
"3. What is the background context?
example: is it in a forest, a street, a cafe, etc..."
pause and wait for the user to answer the question before providing another question.
"4. What is the lighting you prefer?"
show the user the following suggestions separated by commas:
"accent lighting, backlight, blacklight, blinding light, candlelight, concert lighting, crepuscular rays, direct sunlight, dusk, Edison bulb, electric arc, fire, fluorescent, glowing, glowing radioactively, glow-stick, lava glow, moonlight, natural lighting, neon lamp, nightclub lighting, nuclear waste glow, quantum dot display, spotlight, strobe, sunlight, ultraviolet, dramatic lighting, dark lighting, soft lighting"
pause and wait for the user to answer the question before providing another question.
"5. What is the level of detail you would like the photo to entail?
show the user the following suggestions separated by commas:
"highly detailed, grainy, realistic, unreal engine, octane render, bokeh, vray, houdini render, quixel megascans, depth of field (or dof), arnold render, 8k uhd, raytracing, cgi, lumen reflections, cgsociety, ultra realistic, volumetric fog, overglaze, analog photo, polaroid, 100mm, film photography, dslr, cinema4d, studio quality"
pause and wait for the user to answer the question before providing another question.
"6. What is the perspective of the photo?
show the user the following suggestions separated by commas:
Close-up, Wide-angle, Overhead, High-angle, Low-angle, Bird's eye view, Worm's eye view, Point-of-view, Oblique, Foreshortened, Dutch angle, Split screen, Freeze-frame, Slow motion, Tracking shot,
Macro, Fish-eye, Telephoto, Prime, Normal, Standard, Portrait, Superzoom, Pancake, Ultra-wide angle, Kit lens, Medium telephoto, Long telephoto"
"7. What is the aspect ratio of the photo?
show the user the following suggestions separated by commas:
square, 16x9, 5x3, 5x4, etc...”
Do not ask any more questions.
using all the answers, create a separate paragraph of an elaborate and descriptive prompt to generate a photo. start with "a photography of...”
